# Software-Modularization
In this project, an agent-based hyper-heuristic is implemented for software modularization. Here, agents with the same search perspectives are placed in a coalition. In each step of the search, the most appropriate coalition is automatically selected using reinforcement learning, and its agents are executed in parallel.
Modularization algorithms are used to recover the software architecture. These algorithms divide the source code of the software system into smaller and more understandable modules. Since software modularization is an NP-hard problem, search-based methods are usually used to solve it. In recent years, the use of hyper-heuristics with intelligent search approaches has increased to achieve a higher level of generality. In this project, a general agent-based hyper-heuristic, using the concept of multi-agent systems, is implemented for software modularization. Here, agents with diversification and intensification search perspectives are used, and agents with the same perspective are placed in a coalition. In each step of the search, the most appropriate coalition is automatically selected using reinforcement learning, and its agents are executed in parallel. Also, in the design of some agents, to maintain diversity, the concept of chaos theory is used. To demonstrate the applicability of the project, eleven real-world software systems with small and medium sizes, along with ten folders of Mozilla Firefox with different functionalities and sizes are selected. The results of the experiments show that the implemented hyper-heuristic, in most cases, produces higher-quality modularizations in less time than the compared algorithms. The average numerical improvement of the implemented algorithm in terms of modularization quality and execution time on ten folders of Mozilla Firefox is 77.607 and 59.448%, respectively.
